README.md, before:

# Frontend task

Figma link (registration is needed to see design details - spacing, colors etc):
https://www.figma.com/file/yxjleoTJVTTbJCDEhNl8ko/KN-Test

**NB**: If you don't have "dev" mode activated in figma, you can use default mode and press alt/option to get margins between elements.
We expect you to implement all margins exactly as they are specified in Figma.

Task is to create component with following behaviour:
- By click on the "open modal" button - modal should appear as provided in figma design.
- "Delete" button should be disabled for first 2 seconds after modal is shown to the user (preventing accidental clicks)
- Both "Delete" and "Cancel" buttons close modal

Things to consider:
- Usage of third-party design libs/components is prohibited - we're checking the ability to implement custom components from scratch
- Both main and description text of modal can span multiple lines
- Backdrop is part of the modal
- All required assets already exist in the project

You can push your code to any code hosting like GitHub, BitBucket or Gitlab.

Commit message:

Add point about strictly following Figma design

README.md, after:

# Frontend task

Figma link (registration is needed to see design details - spacing, colors etc):
https://www.figma.com/file/yxjleoTJVTTbJCDEhNl8ko/KN-Test

**NB**: If you don't have "dev" mode activated in figma, you can use default mode and press alt/option to get margins between elements.

Task is to create component with following behaviour:
- By click on the "open modal" button - modal should appear as provided in figma design.
- "Delete" button should be disabled for first 2 seconds after modal is shown to the user (preventing accidental clicks)
- Both "Delete" and "Cancel" buttons close modal

Things to consider:
- Usage of third-party design libs/components is prohibited - we're checking the ability to implement custom components from scratch
- Both main and description text of modal can span multiple lines
- Backdrop is part of the modal
- All required assets already exist in the project
- It is expected for implementation to exactly follow color and spacing of the design from Figma

You can push your code to any code hosting like GitHub, BitBucket or Gitlab.
